README.md, before:

#todo

- [x] starting point for the app
- [x] theme Toggle addded
- [x] login and signin page made
- [x] forgot-password page
- [x] reset-password page
- [x] Create Space set cloudinary for space logo storage
- [x] tanstack Query added
- [x] set add spaece success & error toast
- [x] set limit for space logo
- [x] setup space three dot dropdown fnc
- [x] make space three dot dropdown options fnc
- [x] make space preview for create spaces
- [x] make add scroll bar for testi preview
- [x] testimonials preview theme button set it for black and white
- [x] Change color picker with shadcn component
- [x] createspace when add or remove question it triggers create fnc and it not let us add all the other fields(temp fix for now)
- [x] Create Space preview part remain
- [x] Create Space test remmains
- [x] testimonials dialoge for submiting testis to db
- [x] change star for createtestidialog
- [x] server action for testimonials creations
- [x] server action for testimonials creations add image for pfp
- [x] Manage space page
- [x] repalce react spinner with shad spinner
- [x] Product page ui changes to make it look better
- [x] slug for testimonals
- [x] slug for product page added but somechanges needed in testimonials schema for match slugs to fetching data from db
- [x] product page ui for all tabs with empty and with data to be made
- [x] product page ui for all tabs routes and ui to be made
- [x] product page ui download pdf added for liked (need some improvement and add for all)
- [x] product page liked testimonials with schema changes and ui for like and unlike filter it on its tab
- [x] product page ui (all,liked, request testimonials, route has been made)
- [x] product page ui (Single tetimonial dialog made but need chande of placeholder pic)
- [x] widget integration for embed on other sites
- [x] embed widget integration for wall of love
- [x] server action for testimonials creations some bugs like isapproved it not working in and stars default value is not saving
- [x] tranfer space feature created
- [x] Embla carousel for testimonials with data fetching
- [x] need to remove tanstack queries from main pages and make a page for them
- [x] embed widget wall of love ui
- [x] Embed single page is remind
- [x] Embed Ui is for copy single and wall of love Ui remained
- [x] in embed testimonial server fetching all testi we want only liked testis fix
- [x] ask what to use for ssr + csr tanstack Query hydration use queries or direct server action?
- [x] disable space fnc in dashboard remained
- [x] disable space fnc verification implementation frontend
- [x] disable space fnc verification implementation server actions(ask)
- [x] this feature removed incentivize for products page in all and liked pages
- [x] when only one testimonial then i dont want embla i have to implement a single testimonial display
- [x] append unique ID if duplicate slugs(ask)
- [x] slug duplication(ask)
- [x] profile pic only feature aka social proof avatar
- [x] dont show sent email in all and liked pages if email is not in db
- [x] complete landing page ui
- [x] add meta data for the pages(app name is not finalized)
- [x] google outh fnc
- [x] Full theme override according to user preferences from db(this works but if i want to set it specific then i have to do it manually)
- [x] optimize dashboard for mobile view
- [x] optimize createspacedialog, walloflovedialog, testiwol, requesttestimonialsdialog scroll changes mobile view
- [x] creating a new space add 3 digit random number for slug 
- [x] product page and collect testi page and createsapcedialog live preview logo fix them to be a circle
- [x] dashboard single embed remove dialog embed widgets
- [x] dashboard
- [x] wall of love
- [x] nav top
- [x] footer
- [x] about
- [x] term
- [x] policy
- [x] add logo for testimonia and
- [] landing page video and placeholder
- [] add middleware/proxy for authentication check
- [] email for password reset and Change password

Commit message:

proxy.ts update but not working locally

README.md, after:

#todo

- [x] starting point for the app
- [x] theme Toggle addded
- [x] login and signin page made
- [x] forgot-password page
- [x] reset-password page
- [x] Create Space set cloudinary for space logo storage
- [x] tanstack Query added
- [x] set add spaece success & error toast
- [x] set limit for space logo
- [x] setup space three dot dropdown fnc
- [x] make space three dot dropdown options fnc
- [x] make space preview for create spaces
- [x] make add scroll bar for testi preview
- [x] testimonials preview theme button set it for black and white
- [x] Change color picker with shadcn component
- [x] createspace when add or remove question it triggers create fnc and it not let us add all the other fields(temp fix for now)
- [x] Create Space preview part remain
- [x] Create Space test remmains
- [x] testimonials dialoge for submiting testis to db
- [x] change star for createtestidialog
- [x] server action for testimonials creations
- [x] server action for testimonials creations add image for pfp
- [x] Manage space page
- [x] repalce react spinner with shad spinner
- [x] Product page ui changes to make it look better
- [x] slug for testimonals
- [x] slug for product page added but somechanges needed in testimonials schema for match slugs to fetching data from db
- [x] product page ui for all tabs with empty and with data to be made
- [x] product page ui for all tabs routes and ui to be made
- [x] product page ui download pdf added for liked (need some improvement and add for all)
- [x] product page liked testimonials with schema changes and ui for like and unlike filter it on its tab
- [x] product page ui (all,liked, request testimonials, route has been made)
- [x] product page ui (Single tetimonial dialog made but need chande of placeholder pic)
- [x] widget integration for embed on other sites
- [x] embed widget integration for wall of love
- [x] server action for testimonials creations some bugs like isapproved it not working in and stars default value is not saving
- [x] tranfer space feature created
- [x] Embla carousel for testimonials with data fetching
- [x] need to remove tanstack queries from main pages and make a page for them
- [x] embed widget wall of love ui
- [x] Embed single page is remind
- [x] Embed Ui is for copy single and wall of love Ui remained
- [x] in embed testimonial server fetching all testi we want only liked testis fix
- [x] ask what to use for ssr + csr tanstack Query hydration use queries or direct server action?
- [x] disable space fnc in dashboard remained
- [x] disable space fnc verification implementation frontend
- [x] disable space fnc verification implementation server actions(ask)
- [x] this feature removed incentivize for products page in all and liked pages
- [x] when only one testimonial then i dont want embla i have to implement a single testimonial display
- [x] append unique ID if duplicate slugs(ask)
- [x] slug duplication(ask)
- [x] profile pic only feature aka social proof avatar
- [x] dont show sent email in all and liked pages if email is not in db
- [x] complete landing page ui
- [x] add meta data for the pages(app name is not finalized)
- [x] google outh fnc
- [x] Full theme override according to user preferences from db(this works but if i want to set it specific then i have to do it manually)
- [x] optimize dashboard for mobile view
- [x] optimize createspacedialog, walloflovedialog, testiwol, requesttestimonialsdialog scroll changes mobile view
- [x] creating a new space add 3 digit random number for slug 
- [x] product page and collect testi page and createsapcedialog live preview logo fix them to be a circle
- [x] dashboard single embed remove dialog embed widgets
- [x] dashboard
- [x] wall of love
- [x] nav top
- [x] footer
- [x] about
- [x] term
- [x] policy
- [x] add logo for testimonia and
- [] landing page ytvideo and placeholder
- [] add middleware/proxy for authentication check (need to check how is it working)
- [] email for password reset and Change password
